The Holy Science Hoshi hits the ball over to Ryo Sashino!
That's in the U-20's chat!
Right! Play! Come on! Take it!
Replication 99% successful.
Whoa! It's a super clear from number 14, Ryo Mikage!
What a fantastic defensive display!
Nice clearance!
I won't let this end with me defending.
We're gonna win this game.
And I'll be a striker again.
Well, Nagi?
Seems like you and me still have a lot left to do.
Wow.
Hiyori's inspiration broke the stalemate, increasing the variety of our attacks.
Also, Ryo was able to shut down Shido with his Chameleon Defense.
The subs were a success.
Blue Lock is starting to turn the tide!
Alright. Time for me to score.
But until I can get past there, Captain, I can't do anything.
If I'm going to crush Aiku, I need to gather more pieces first!
The battle begins.
Something's up.
A sudden Because we go in first
And now Shink화리cki is in the lead
Shink ether it goes around.
Now it shows.
See you next time.
I've got to sharpen all my senses in my eyes.
Scoring is fertilization.
I'm the seed.
The net is the egg.
And the offspring of that union?
That's what I call my explosion!
That was a super long pass.
Crap, get back!
No one could react in time.
One of them took off by reflex?
It's mine.
I broke through easily.
Just me and Macaulay.
Are you kidding, Topknot?
Can't use my hand, so here's a jumping header!
Good save, Goli!
That was such a great call!
Damn it.
I'll have to set up the attack again.
The
goal.
Goddamn, guys.
Behold my big bang drive!
Now, here's an announcement for the shitheads around the world who don't know me yet.
With my goals and my genes...
I'll knock you out!
A player must concentrate on a daring challenge.
The first player to enter a flow state was you, Ryu Seishido.
It begins.
What a performance! With the long ramped overhead kick, the U20s have come from being behind and now take the lead!
Alright, comeback time baby!
Our boys did it, but then again, that was never in doubt!
The first player to enter a flow state was you, Ryu Seishido.
This is his debut game, and he's already a world class player?
Shido! That was awesome!
Did you see that, bud?
We're playing soccer together forever!
When I'm with you, I'm throbbing like never before and I don't need my heart!
Creep!
Thought I told you to score a hat trick.
Until then, just keep your paws up.
You horny devil.
Yeah, okay, fine.
But if I end up scoring ten more goals, we have to be roomies, do you?
What the hell even was that goal?
Besides totally insane...
None of us at Blue Lock could handle Shido.
But Sai Itoshi...
He kept feeding him challenging passes.
And Shido rose to the challenge.
He's entered the flow state before any of us.
Damn it!
He pulled off what I wanted, what I needed to accomplish this game!
He had a guide, a genius steering him.
And now the devil's set free!
They've completely swallowed up the match.
At this rate, we'll lose, and it'll all be over.
Will those two be the ones who succeed?
And change Japanese soccer instead of us?
Are we...
Am I...
Done?
Ego, this doesn't track.
Shido shouldn't have been able to make a goal like that.
He's outperformed the data.
What's our plan?
Please do something!
I'm not sure.
I can't.
There is no plan anymore.
Huh?
Wait!
What exactly are you saying?
If we lose here, it'll mean the death of Bluelock.
Everything we've do up to now can't be pre-
Ego!
What are we supposed to do?
I don't want it to end like this!
You've seen us.
We're fighting with everything we've got out there!
But we're still not good enough.
Please tell me.
Are you all stupid? Haven't you realized Blue Lock's already won?
It's all gone as planned. The first half, we dominated, and Ryu Seishido has triumphed.
It is true, if we lose this match, it will mean the end of Blue Lock.
And I'll be exiled from Japanese soccer and forgotten.
But none of you will disappear.
Ryu Seishido was discovered by Saitoshi, and is destined for Japanese soccer stardom.
Rin Itoshi is an equally talented player, and will secure a spot on the U20s.
As for the rest of you, powerhouse universities and domestic leagues will snap you up, opening all sorts of doors.
That's how well you performed. The talent you displayed.
Down the road, the fact that you attended Blue Lock will prove to be a powerful achievement.
It will be a great advantage for your career.
Now that you've inherited your egos, Japanese soccer will never be the same.
Stand proud, Diamond. The future has been decided.
I don't care.
So, Japanese soccer's changed forever.
And I've got solid career prospects.
None of that crap matters.
I...
All of us.
We want to win here and now.
Not think about what's next.
Losing's the same as dying.
And we aren't dead yet.
Nothing matters, except being the best in the world!
I... Isekai?
Make us win already, Four Eyes.
After all, this ego is what you taught us.
Fine, then.
Yooichi Issugi.
We do have one card left.
An unprecedented play even I can't predict the results of.
You're up, Joker.
Shoei!
Borrow!
I was getting tired of waiting...
You donkey.
We are fifteen minutes into the second half!
Yeah.
What... what is this?
Huh...
After falling behind, Blue Lock steps a third time!
For this final one, Eta Ozuya will be called off the field
and replaced by number 13, Shoryu Bato!
They've got to go on the attack!
Dial down the bloodlust, King.
Want to tip off their defense?
Can't help it. I'm on fire.
Bato, you're right wing.
Hiyori will be dropping into the right back role.
So coordinate down the line, and you...
Listen up, Donkey.
I was watching you play from the bench.
It was the most boring crap I've ever seen.
Shut up!
This is it. He was our last substitution.
This is Ego putting his faith in us to use Bato
and launch an all-out attack.
The formation we're using, we haven't had much practice with it.
Ego, are you sure this will work without a strategy?
Something in Shoryu Bato.
There was a possibility from the very start.
I don't intend to throw this game.
Till now, everything has gone according to my script.
Including the fact that they'd still want to win this match.
However, I didn't account for one thing.
Their egos and the fire within.
They've grown.
Beyond even my expectations.
So the best path to victory...
Kindly do me a favor.
Shut up and just watch.
These players might just make this the most intense place for soccer ever.
Joining the battle?
Sup, King?
Looks like you were killed in action after just one goal, peasant.
Get me the ball no matter what.
Don't hold your breath.
From now on, forget about keeping things balanced.
Those of us up front will put all our energy into attacking.
We'll win even if it means death.
Aye aye, Rean, sir.
Heh, sounds like the captain's pumped up.
Whatever. No suicide packs, though.
Nope. Because we'll win.
Yeah. Let's go.
We're throwing everything into attacking to make this our strongest formation.
Plan of attack?
Score more goals!
There's no other way for us to save Blue Lock!
Give it that last shot, then we'll be safe!
Bato's weapons are his powerful dribbling and central long range shooting.
If he can run free with the ball in the goal area, the odds of him scoring will skyrocket.
I'll guide him toward that zone, then sneak in from the back while trying to score myself.
Listen up, Shohei Bato.
If Keenu Yūki Mie is on the field when you're subbed in, you'll break their formation with powerful dribbling down both wings.
Your teammates.
Their team.
They know to build their attacks around yours and Yukimiya's skill sets.
And they will.
But ignore them.
That's what I was gonna do anyway.
Excellent.
Right up until the very last second of this match,
you're to think of nothing except devouring Yoichi Isaki's goals.
What kind of moves is their number 13 gonna show us?
Those two are still passing it around?
And they're not using this guy.
Did he just send it backward?
That kid with the light blue hair, is he gonna switch the play?
Ready, strikers?
Cause here it comes.
They moved simultaneously.
Look for the more dangerous one.
Sendou's already marking Rin Itoshi.
So the one who's free is...
Number 11!
His reaction was too slow.
Perfect!
I can intercept!
Bato!
You...
What are you doing?
What are you, stupid?
Can't you see?
I'm Isaki hunting.
He stole the ball from his teammate?
That makes no sense.
We can't read an attack like that.
There's zero rationality behind his style of play.
In short,
the more you know about Saki,
the more thrown off you are.
How could you predict that killer back heel?
A chopped ribble?
Turns out he's got some skills.
And that's what makes him the Joker here.
He's a king.
Loyal only to his own personal gain.
Throwing everyone into disarray.
No matter if they're friend or foe.
Create chaos.
Shoei Bato.
From here on,
these next 30 minutes,
I don't know what will happen.
See that?
Blue Lock substitute number 13.
He's tearing through their defenses like it's nothing.
Watch me.
Is he going to shoot?
Pretty bizarre trump card Blue Lock's got there.
Using a player to steal the ball from his own teammate?
He sees an opening in the penalty area?
To pass?
No.
He's the type of player to shoot it himself.
But there's no clear route available for him.
Give me the ball, Bato!
Dang.
The number 11 reacts like a monster.
He's a monster.
The number 11 reacted so fast.
What's their plan?
Will he go for the one-two?
Or use 11 as bait to cut closer inside?
Huh? Outside?
Bato!
Oh, no.
If he passes now, it's a goal scoring opportunity.
Another chop dribble?
Impossible.
This guy's beyond comprehension.
Pass it already!
Even if hell throws over,
I'd never give you the ball, Iseki.
I'll devour everything in this match,
and that includes you!
He's insane.
You idiot!
Stupid king.
You're way too greedy.
He's left us confused.
It's total chaos.
Second ball!
The U-20s are in disarray.
Bato's presence has thrown them into total confusion.
Now, he's in a mess.
He's in a mess.
It's a huge confusion now I have to determine a suitable objective.
You and me, Yuki.
Whatcha got?
It's time to enter the flow state.
One step beyond my best performance.
Go!
His weight's on his right.
Too fast!
I can't shoot yet.
Crank it up a gear.
Take the path made possible by Bato's chaos.
Top speed, like a cat-eye?
And his touches are faster than before!
He's using people as obstacles to weave through.
This is street-sucker style dribbling!
Keep clear. I don't have much time left.
They use Hayate's body as a shield.
Crap! I'm half a step behind!
I see it. The angle.
That's where I aim.
Just try and make that shot, four-eyes!
He's fast. My angle's blocked now.
No! Not yet!
It's do or die, so find it!
That ultimate shot! That'll take me where I want to be!
Into the flow!
Where are you aiming?
It's curling inward? A gyro shot!
Barely made it in time.
So this is what it feels like.
The flow.
Aiku!
How'd he read that?
It was a gyro shot from his blind spot!
No. He bet on an all-or-nothing leap.
That play... It was defense by gambling.
Completely different from his game.
Completely different from his usual calculated style.
Whoa. What's going on here?
Such a crazy sensation.
I see it. The most dangerous spot in the goal area.
No.
Not just with my eyes. My whole body feels it.
Don't tell me...
He's found the flow, too!
I've been waiting for this moment.
I'm never going back!
I'm not the one who's waiting for this moment.
I've been working on the rhythm now.
You're lucky.
You're not yourself.
I'm the only one there.
You've been waiting for this moment for so long.
It's you.
When you used to look at me for the longer period of time.
You think you her, Steve.
You kept holding the thinking in,
you thought I couldn't hold it back,
but this number just keeps humiliating me.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Just one, just one, yeah
Blue Lock, additional time
A scholar of appearance, he's dedicated to his looks
Dude's always perfect and awesome
Right?
There's no doubt he's trying to bag himself some hot actress
Nah, that's just you
That old skincare routine, pretending like he's some kind of royalty
Could he be more annoying?
Huh? Is that his?
Damn him! We're doing an emergency bag inspection right now!
Ever hear of privacy? Come on, man
A watch!
A nice one
Don't get fingerprints on the glass
Better cost a fortune
Lotion and moisturizer
Beauty care
Skin care is very important
Right?
I bet they're expensive too
Sunglasses
So fashionable
A must-have for any popular guy
Well, those have to be super expensive
It's just cold, it pissed me off
Oh, looks like he's got a second bag
Hurry up and check it so I can be even more ticked off
Wait, what's this?
Earrings?
What?
For women, no less
A compact mirror
With curly glitter?
A pink toothbrush?
It's perfect, same
Guys, look, I found lipstick
That's not his!
It can't be!
Unless...
Conclusion
Sayutoshi likes looking pretty?
Oh my
There's no way!
He might not actually look bad
At the very least, the bag inspection was a total success!
A complete success!
Hey, yeah, sorry
That's actually my ex-girlfriend's
Huh?
She left her overnight bag at my place
We kinda broke up
Hm
So I was gonna give it back to her to-
Today
You deceived us, Cap!
Why?
Wait, what even is an overnight bag?
What's her age?
Is she older?
Tell me, what is an overnight bag?